

  1. what is Lambda?
  
  Ans. AWS Lambda lets you run code without provisioning or managing servers. You pay only for the compute time you consume.

       With Lambda, you can run code for virtually any type of application or backend service - all with zero administration.
       Just upload your code and Lambda takes care of everything required to run and scale your code with high availability.
       You can set up your code to automatically trigger from other AWS services or call it directly from any web or mobile app.

  Understanding the Benefits of AWS and AWS Lambda Serverless :
 
        1. Minimized Cost - The principal benefit of the pay-as-you-go model is fairly obvious: because you pay only for exactly
                            what you use, you minimize operating cost. None of the price you pay at the end of the month goes
                            towards any unused minutes of server time, as your cost is solely a function of the time your application used.

        2. Automatic Scalability - Let’s say that for some reason, your application suddenly goes viral. It might be a tweet from a
                            celebrity or an unplanned appearance on television. You never know what’s going to happen, but if it does,
                            your application could be overloaded with server requests.
  
        3. Killer Use Cases - a. Daily Tasks
                              b. Notifications
                              c. Notifications
                              d. Chatbots
 
        4. Quicker Iterative Development - Given that your engineers will be able to ship code directly from the vendor console,
                            the need for continuous delivery tools is rendered obsolete. The net result? Your developers have
                            more time to spend on improving the product. When new features are ready to be shipped,
                            they can be done so in a much more timely manner.

        5. Less Operational Management - The net result of automatic scalability is less time spent on maintaining the service.
                            Again, this frees up your technical staff for more product innovation and development.