 1. What is a cloud service?

 Ans. The term "cloud services" refers to a wide range of services delivered on demand to companies
 and customers over the internet. These services are designed to provide easy, affordable access to
 applications and resources, without the need for internal infrastructure or hardware. From checking
 email to collaborating on documents, most employees use cloud services throughout the workday, whether
 they’re aware of it or not.

 2. What types of cloud services are there?

    Generally speaking, there are three basic types of cloud services:

    A. Software as a Service (SaaS) -   The most widely recognized type of cloud service is known as
                                        software as a service, or SaaS. This broad category encompasses a
                                        variety of services, such as file storage and backup, web-based email
                                        and project management tools.

                                        Examples of SaaS cloud service providers include Dropbox, G Suite, Microsoft
                                        Office 365, Slack and Citrix Content Collaboration. In each of these applications,
                                        users can access, share, store and secure information in “the cloud.”

    B. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) - Infrastructure as a service, or IaaS, provides the infrastructure that many
                                        cloud service providers need to manage SaaS tools—but don’t want to maintain themselves.
                                        It serves as the complete data center framework, eliminating the need for resource-intensive,
                                        on-site installations.

                                        Examples of IaaS are Amazon Web Services (AWS), Microsoft Azure and Google Compute Engine.
                                        These providers maintain all storage servers and networking hardware, and may also
                                        offer load balancing, application firewalls and more. Many well-known SaaS providers
                                        run on IaaS platforms.

    C. Platform as a Service (PaaS) -   The cloud service model known as platform as a service, or PaaS, serves as a web-based
                                        environment where developers can build cloud apps. PaaS provides a database,
                                        operating system and programming language that organizations can use to develop
                                        cloud-based software, without having to maintain the underlying elements.

                                        Many IaaS vendors, including the examples listed above, also offer PaaS capabilities.