                                                        
                                                               AWS day 1 assignment

 1.  what is cloud?

Ans. The cloud" refers to servers that are accessed over the Internet, and the software
     and databases that run on those servers. ... By using cloud computing, users and companies
     don't have to manage physical servers themselves or run software applications on their own machines.

 2.  Different types of cloud?

Ans. 1)Private cloud - Specific company owner use there own cloud. eg.- USA uses AWS private cloud. 
     2)public cloud - Available to everyone. like individual user can use AWS cloud
       eg.- Google - Google cloud platform.
            AWS - Amezon web service.
            Windows - Azure.
     3)Hybrid cloud - Mixture of private cloud and public cloud.

 3.  Advantages and disadvantages of cloud?

Ans. Advantages -   1)Easy implementation.
                    2)Access your data anywhere, anytime.
		    3)No hardware required.
                    4)cost per head.
                    5)Flexibility for growth.
                    6)Efficient recovery.

     Disadvantage - 1)No longer in control.
                    2)May not get all the features.
                    3)Doesn't mean you should do away with servers.
                    4)Bandwidth issues.
 
 4.  What is EC-2?

Ans. Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (Amazon EC2) provides scalable computing capacity in
     the Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud. Using Amazon EC2 eliminates your need to invest in hardware up front,
     so you can develop and deploy applications faster. You can use Amazon EC2 to launch as many or as few
     virtual servers as you need, configure security and networking, and manage storage. Amazon EC2 enables
     you to scale up or down to handle changes in requirements or spikes in popularity, reducing your need to forecast traffic.
   
    Advangates of EC-2 : 1)On demand service
                         2)Access your data anywhere, anytime.
                         3)Internet speed almost upto 100 gegabyte. 
                         4)Electricity and maitenance free.
                         5)security.
